DENHA EVERYONE WELCOME TO THE
SEPTEMBER MEETING FOR THE
ENTIRE COMMISSION ON DISABILITY
ISSUES.
IT IS NOW FOUR OR FIVE EASTERN
TIME.
I WOULD LIKE TO CALL THIS
MEETING TO ORDER.
WITH THAT THE FIRST AGENDA ITEM
IS OUR ROLL CALL.
WE'RE GOING TO HEAD TO ROLL
CALL FOR THE COMMISSION.
KENNEDY WILL THEN NAME YOU AND
IF YOU COULD PLEASE THEN STATE
YOUR NAME AND WHERE YOU ARE
COMING FROM TODAY.
>> THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
HERE WE GO.
SURE.
>> DAMON.
YES.
IZAK DAMON CHAIRMAN COMMISSION
ON DISABILITY ISSUES.
>> I'M COMING TO YOU FROM ANN
ARBOR, WASHTENAW COUNTY VICE
CHAIR KEYLA MYCELX LARRAKEYAH
COMING TO YOU FROM ANN ARBOR AS
WELL.
COMMISSIONER MOSIG SHE'S
PRESIDENT.
>> I BELIEVE SHE HAD A FAMILY
MATTER.
SO SHE'S HERE.
YES.
YES, SHE'S JOINING I JUST NOT
ABLE TO HAVE AUDIO.
>> THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
SOLOMON KATHLEEN SOLOMON,
COMMISSIONER AND MISSIONING
COMMISSIONER HOPKINS
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE
COMMISSIONER RADCLYFFE, THANK
AFTERNOON.
SENATOR RATCLIFFE CALLING IN
FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
COMMISSIONER PACARD
COMMISSIONER CHAMBERS ALAN
CHAMBERS COMMISSIONER CALLING
IN FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN
MISSION ABUSE AND COMMISSIONER
INKEN VERY YES SAME ACBAR HERE
CALLING IN FROM ANN ARBOR
COUNCIL MEMBER GUTSIER ONE WELL
EVERYONE COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI
EDWYN HERE CALLING IN FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THAT WAS OUR ROLL CALL.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
KENNEDY.
>> NEXT WE HAVE ANYONE FOR
PUBLIC COMMENT ON THIS TODAY.
PLEASE NOTE THAT IF YOU ARE
DOING PUBLIC COMMENT WHETHER
THAT IS HERE ON THE XOOM OR
CALLING IN, YOU DO HAVE A THREE
MINUTE TIME LIMIT TODAY.
I CAN INDEED.
DO WE HAVE ANYBODY ON FOR
PUBLIC?
ONLY AT THIS TIME WE HAVE NO
CALLERS LISTED OR ON THE CALL
FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
I'M MOVING ON TO THE APPROVAL
OF A DAY'S TODAY'S AGENDA.
EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN A
COPY OF THE AGENDA ALONG WITH
THE MEETING INVITATION PRIOR TO
TODAY'S MEETING.
IF THERE WERE ANY CORRECTIONS
TO THE AGENDA HOPEFULLY THAT
WAS COMMUNICATED.
IF THERE ARE CORRECTIONS PLEASE
MENTION IT NOW.
OTHERWISE I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE
A MOTION TO APPROVE TODAY'S
AGENDA, OUR MOVE TO APPROVE.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THERE LARRY WILL MOVE TO
APPROVE IS THEIR SECOND OUR
SECOND ROSE ANNITA SECONDS ALL
IN FAVOR OF APPROVING TODAY'S
AGENDA PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I
I THANK YOU.
>> TODAY'S AGENDA IS APPROVED.
NEXT WE MOVE FORWARD TO THE
APPROVAL OF THE MEETING MINUTES
FROM JUNE.
TWENTY SIXTH EVERYONE IF YOU
DID RECEIVE A COPY OF THE
AGENDA, A COPY OF THE MINUTES
WAS ALSO WITHIN THAT AGENDA.
AND IF ANYONE HAS ANY
CORRECTIONS OR AMENDMENTS TO
THE MINUTES, PLEASE FEEL FREE
TO BRING FORWARD AT THIS TIME
IF THERE IS NOT ANY CONNECTION
TO THE MEETING MINUTES, IS
THERE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
MINUTES FROM JUNE TWENTY SIX?
I'LL MOVE TO APPROVE OK ROSA
MOVES TO APPROVE IS THERE A
SECOND OK LARRY SECOND THANK
YOU ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
THE MEETING MINUTES FROM JUNE
TWENTY SIX TWENTY TWENTY FOUR
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I
THANK YOU VERY MUCH EVERYONE.
THE MEETING MINUTES ARE
APPROVED AND KENNEDY BY THE WAY
I DO SEE COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
HAS JOINED US.
MR. HAWKINS, IF YOU COULD JUST
ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR PRESENCE AND
WHERE YOU'RE COMING FROM THIS
AFTERNOON.
>> THANK YOU.
>> HI.
RACHEL HAWKINS COMING FROM ANN
ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> THANK YOU.
WELCOME.
NEXT WE ARE MOVING ON TO THE
SPECIAL PRESENTATION PORTION
OF OUR AGENDA TODAY.
FIRST UP, WE HAVE THE LIBRARY,
THE WASHTENAW FOR THE BLIND AND
DEAF AND DISABLED WITH KATIE
UNKOVIC.
>> KATIE, WELCOME.
HI.
THANKS AS ALWAYS FOR HAVING ME.
SO HAPPY TO BE HERE AND TELL
YOU ABOUT SOME OF THE THINGS
THAT ARE GOING ON IN THE
LIBRARY RIGHT NOW.
WE HAVE A COUPLE OF REALLY COOL
EVENTS COMING UP IN THE NEXT
MONTH THAT I WANT TO TELL YOU
ABOUT.
THE FIRST ONE IS THE NATIONAL
POPULAR VOTE INTERSTATE
COMPACT.
THIS IS ON TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER
TWENTY FOURTH FROM SIX THIRTY
TO SEVEN THIRTY PM OUR WEST
GATE BRANCH THE LEAGUE OF WOMEN
VOTERS RETURN ADDLE FOR AN
INFORMATIVE PRESENTATION ABOUT
A POSSIBLE CHANGE TO OUR
ELECTION PROCESS.
EVERY VOTER IN EVERY STATE
SHOULD HAVE AN EQUAL VOTE IN
EVERY PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION NOW
BILL BEFORE THE MICHIGAN
LEGISLATURE THIS WILL NOT COME
TO VOTERS BUT THE LW VMI
STRONGLY SUPPORTS IT BECAUSE IT
WOULD REQUIRE THE PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION TO BE DETERMINED BY
THE NATIONAL POPULAR VOTE TOTAL
RATHER THAN THE ELECTORAL
COLLEGE.
THIS PRESENTATION EXPLAINS THE
PROPOSAL AND COMPARES IT TO
USING THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
THEN WE HAVE AN AUTHOR EVENT
COMING.
PETRA CUPPERS WILL BE TALKING
ABOUT HER BOOK DIVER BENEATH
THE STREET ON WEDNESDAY,
SEPTEMBER 25TH AT SIX THIRTY AT
THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN PETRA
CUPPERS FOURTH POETRY
COLLECTION DIVER BENEATH THE
STREET A DECAYING
PSYCHOGEOGRAPHY UNFURL THE
LANDSCAPES OF THE 1967 TO 1969
MYSHKIN MURDERS THE TWENTY
NINETEEN DETROIT SERIAL KILLER
AND THE COVID-19 LOCKED DOWN IN
THIS VISCERAL POETRY COLLECTION
AUTHOR, A PERFORMANCE ARTIST
AND DISABILITY CULTURE ACTIVIST
PETRA CUPPERS DESEX TRACES
OF VIOLENCE IN THE RICHNESS
OF THE RICHNESS OF THE SOIL
WHILE HONORING LOST COMMUNITY
MEMBERS DYNAMIC AND CINEMATIC
POEMS TRAVERSE THE REALMS
OF URBAN SPACE WILD RIVERS AND
THE HINTERLANDS OF SUBURBIA
GLIMPSING THE DECAY OF BODIES,
HOUSES, CARPETS, HAIR AND BONES
BY WAY OF ECO POETRY.
AND THAT'S WHAT I'M SUPER
EXCITED ABOUT.
WE HAVE FRIDAY NIGHT II A
SERIES THAT WE HAVE AND SO THIS
PARTICULAR EVENT IS CALLED
REDEFINING ACCESS.
CAN I PROVIDE DISABILITY
SUPPORT AND THAT'S ON FRIDAY,
SEPTEMBER TWENTY SEVENTH AT SIX
P.M. THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY
RECENT YEARS HAVE WITNESSED
TREMENDOUS PROGRESS IN A.I.
WITH MAJOR ADVANCES IN NATURAL
LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING IMAGERY
RECOGNITION AND SPEECH
PROCESSING AMONG OTHERS.
BUT ARE THESE TOOLS OFTEN BUILT
AS ONE SIZE FITS ALL SOLUTIONS
EQUALLY USEFUL FOR THE ROUGHLY
20 PERCENT OF THE POPULATION
WHO LIVE WITH A DISABILITY AT
SOME POINT IN THEIR LIVES?
JOIN US FOR A CONVERSATION WITH
A.I. AND ACCESSIBILITY EXPERTS
ON THE LIMITATIONS OF A HIGH
POWERED TOOLS TO ASSIST PEOPLE
WHO ARE BLIND OR VISUALLY
IMPAIRED.
THOSE WHO STUTTER ARE DEAF OR
HARD OF HEARING OR
THOSE WITH
DYSLEXIA OR APHASIA AND THE
OPPORTUNITIES WE HAVE TO TRY ON
THESE TOOLS INTO PERSONALIZED
ADAPTIVE TECHNOLOGIES THAT CAN
TRULY MEET DIVERSE
ACCESSIBILITY NEEDS AND A
SPEAKERS AT THIS EVENT ARE BOTH
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
PROFESSORS PREVISIONS
PRESENTERS AT ADLE.
IT'S AN HONGO AND SHEILA
OGBONNA, OMAR DRAINE SO THAT
SHOULD BE REALLY INTERESTING.
SO THOSE ARE THE EVENTS WHEN TO
TALK ABOUT MATERIALS NOW.
SO I'LL WASH MY LIBRARY FOR THE
BLIND AND DISABLED PATRONS CAN
ORDER BOOKS BY CALLING US AT
SEVEN THREE FOUR THREE TWO
SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO FOUR OR BY
EMAILING US W.L. BE PEEVED AT A
ALG.
WE ENCOURAGE EVERYBODY TO SIGN
UP FOR THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING DOWNLOAD SERVICE SO
THAT YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN
BOOKS.
NO WAITING TO DO THAT JUST GO
TO ANNELLS BARD ALOSI GUVS OR
GIVE US A CALL AND WE CAN
ASSIST WITH THE APPLICATION.
JUST A COUPLE FEATURED BOOKS
THAT ARE ON BOARD RIGHT NOW.
THE FIRST IS THE FUTURE IS
DISABLED PROPHECIES LOVE NOTES
AND MORNING SONGS BY LEAH
LAKSHMI PIPES NOT SOME AROCENA
AN ESSAY COLLECTION THAT
EXPANDS ON WE AS BEST SELLING
BOOK FAIR WORK CENTERING AND
UPLIFTING DISABILITY JUSTICE
AND CARE IN THE PANDEMIC ERA IN
THE FUTURE IS DISABLED.
SHE ASKED SOME PROVOCATIVE
QUESTIONS WHAT IF IN THE NEAR
FUTURE THE MAJORITY OF PEOPLE
WILL BE DISABLED AND WHAT IF
THAT'S NOT A BAD THING AND JUST
SIBYLLA THE JUST A CRUCIAL TO
CREATING A FUTURE IN WHICH IT'S
POSSIBLE TO SURVIVE FASCISM,
CLIMATE CHANGE AND PANDEMICS
AND TO BRING ABOUT LIBERATION
AND FINALLY WHY MACHINES LEARN
THE ELEGANT MATH BEHIND MODERN
A.I. BY ANEEL ANANTHASWAMY A
RICH NARRATIVE EXPLANATION
OF THE MATHEMATICS THAT HAS
BROUGHT US MACHINE LEARNING AND
THE ONGOING EXPOSURE
OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
THAT IS EVERYTHING THAT I HAVE
ALL FOR YOU ALL TODAY.
>> DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
COMMENTS OR QUESTIONS FOR ME?
HAYTI THIS IS ALWAYS AMAZING
AND GAUGING THINGS IF YOU COULD
REPEAT JUST TWO THINGS OR BE
NUMBER ONE I WORKSHOP AT THE
LIBRARY THAT'S SEPTEMBER TWENTY
SEVENTH CORRECT.
>> YEP.
FRIDAY AT SIX PM DOWNTOWN
SEPTEMBER TWENTY SEVENTH.
>> GOT IT.
THANK YOU.
AND THEN ALSO THE FUTURE IS
DISABLED.
>> COULD YOU REPEAT ONE MORE
TIME THE AUTHOR PLEASE DO I
REALLY HAVE TO DO THAT NOW I
GET TICKETS TO THE LONG NAME
HER NAME IS LEAH LAKSHMI HYPE'S
SUMMER SINJA I THINK I'M SAYING
IT CORRECTLY.
>> OK THANK YOU.
>> YEAH YOU'RE WELCOME.
ANYBODY ELSE ALREADY?
I THINK THAT'S ALL WE'VE GOT AS
USUAL FOLKS AMAZING THINGS DONE
AT ANN ARBOR DISTRICT LIBRARY
AND OF COURSE AT THE WASHTENAW
LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND AND PRINT
DISABLED.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, KATIE AND
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO ALL
OF YOUR STAFF.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME AND THANKS SO
MUCH FOR HAVING ME.
>> BYE BYE BYE.
NEXT WE HAVE THE DISABILITY
NETWORK WASHTENAW MONROE
LIVINGSTON OUR REPORT WITH
ANDREA ANDREA HENRY.
>> PARDON ME.
GOOD AFTERNOON ANDREA.
HOW ARE YOU?
GOOD AFTERNOON.
I AM OH OK.
LET'S SEE WHAT HAPPENED THERE I
AM SO ALL RIGHT AM ALL RIGHT
LITTLE RUSTY AFTER SUMMER BREAK
AWAY FROM THIS I GUESS I WANTED
TO JUST BRING A COUPLE
OF EVENTS THAT ARE UPCOMING
RATHER QUICKLY HERE A HAPPENING
AT DISABILITY IN OUR WASHINGTON
BUREAU LIVINGSTON ALL EVENTS
THAT I'M GOING TO BE TALKING
ABOUT TODAY ARE HAPPENING AT
OUR ANN RELOCATION UNRESEARCHED
PARK DRIVE.
THE FIRST IS A TRUNK OR TREAT
WHICH IS HAPPENING ON
OCTOBER THE ELEVENTH.
IT IS FOR ANYONE AGES 14 AND UP
FROM SIX TO SEVEN P.M. THERE
WILL BE A TRUNK OR TREAT IN OUR
PARKING LOT OF OUR WASHTENAW
LOCATION IN THE ANN ARBOR AND
THEN FROM SEVEN TO NINE P.M. IN
INSIDE IN THE BUILDING WE WILL
BE HAVING A HALLOWEEN DANCE SO
COME AND CELEBRATE WITH US.
COSTUMES ARE ENCOURAGED AND
WELCOME.
MORE INFORMATION CAN BE FOUND
ON OUR WEBSITE OR BY GIVING US
A CALL AT SEVEN THREE FOUR NINE
SEVEN ONE ZERO TWO SEVEN SEVEN
OR YOU CAN EMAIL INFO AT DENHA
W.M. DOT ORG AND THEN COMING IN
EARLY NOVEMBER ON SET ON A
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 9TH WE WILL
BE DOING A COMMUNITY HARVEST
GATHERING FREE FOOD AND
FESTIVITIES AND FUN IN
CONJUNCTION WITH THAT THERE
WILL ALSO BE AN OPEN HOLIDAY
MARKET THAT YOU CAN FOLKS CAN
COME AND SHOP AND SUPPORT LOCAL
DISABLED ARTISTS.
AGAIN THAT'S IN OUR ANN ARBOR
LOCATION.
THE HARVEST GATHERING IS FROM
NEW TO TWO AND THEN THE HOLIDAY
MARKET IS OPEN FROM ONE TO FOUR
P.M. ON SATURDAY, NOVEMBER NINE
.
AND THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO
HIGHLIGHT TODAY UNLESS ANYBODY
HAS ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THOSE
EVENTS.
AMAZING.
REALLY FUN EVENTS THE TRUNK OR
TREAT.
I MEAN I HAVE TO ADMIT I'M A
BIG FAN OF CANDY SO HOPEFULLY
PEOPLE CAN GET OUT THERE, BRING
YOUR LITTLE ONES RIGHT AND AND
DO SOME TRUNK OR TREATING AND
THEN ALSO THE NOVEMBER
GATHERING TO HARVEST GATHERING
ALSO A LOT OF FUN AND I JUST
WANTED TO TOUCH ON ONE EVENT
COMING UP.
I BELIEVE THAT'S COMING.
I'M ACTUALLY RATHER SOON THE
TWENTY THIRD THERE'S THE
KICKOFF EVENT FOR THEATER B, IS
THAT CORRECT?
>> YES, I BELIEVE THAT IS
CORRECT.
YOU GOT ME OFF GUARD BUT YEAH
THAT IS CORRECT.
I BELIEVE THEY ARE KICKING OFF
THEIR NEW FALL SEASON AFTER A
SUMMER HIATUS AGAIN THAT'LL BE
IN OUR IN OUR REBUILDING AND
YOU CAN CALL SEVEN THREE FOUR
NINE SEVEN ONE ZERO TO SEVEN
SEVEN OR EMAIL INFO AT DFW
MELLBERG FOR MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT ANY OF THOSE EVENTS TODAY
AND ANYTHING ELSE THAT YOU
MIGHT SEE ON OUR WEBSITE WHERE
WE HAVE A FULL RANGE
OF CALENDAR EVENTS AS WELL AS
THE OPTION TO SIGN UP FOR OUR
NEWSLETTER WHICH IS ALWAYS FULL
OF GOOD GOOD INFORMATION BOTH
FOR EVENTS AT DISABILITY
NETWORK AS WELL AS THE MEDIA
COMMUNITY.
AND JUST ONE CLARIFICATION JUST
TO MAKE SURE THAT FOLKS ARE NOT
I'M NOT CONFUSED THE TRUNK OR
TREAT IS FOR 14 AND UP SO NOT
FOR A LITTLE LITTLE BUT MORE
FOR SOME OF THE BIGGER KIDS
OFTEN ARE AND ADULTS WHO ARE
OFTEN EXCLUDED FROM SOME
OF THOSE FESTIVITIES COME
HALLOWEEN TIME AGAIN HAPPENING
ON OCTOBER 11TH AT OUR AND OUR
GREAT LOCATION.
SO HOPEFULLY THE WEATHER WILL
BE A LITTLE BETTER THAN IT
TRADITIONALLY IS ON HALLOWEEN.
>> HOPEFULLY WE'LL HAVE MORE
OF THIS ABSOLU THEY KNOW.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH AND I
APPRECIATE THE CLARIFICATION
ROGATORY GET YOUR CANDY BUT
FOURTEEN AND UP ONLY FOR THAT
EVENT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH AND THANK YOU
TO THE DISABILITY NETWORK
WASHTENAW MONROE LIVINGSTON FOR
ALL THE GREAT WORK THAT THEY DO
FOR OUR COMMUNITY.
>> WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU.
ANY QUESTIONS BRANDY OR ANDREA
BEFORE
?
>> ALL RIGHT OK NEXT WE HAVE
THE PARTNERS AND ACCESS
COMMITTEE REPORT WITH LARRY
KEILLER LARRY.
>> HEY HEY.
WELL IT IS JUST WE HAD OUR
MEETING ON THE 12TH AT FIVE
P.M. ON BASICALLY LAST THURSDAY
AND IT WAS MACCRACKEN BALLERINI
AND JACK BAUER WAS WONDERING
ABOUT SAME WINDOW HE WAS SAYING
WINDOW SIGN FOR DIFFERENT
DIFFERENT THINGS AND HE
WONDERED IF WE COULD GET WINDOW
SIGNS OR THE COMMISSION PUT UP
IN SOME OF THE AND SOME OF THE
BUSINESSES DOWNTOWN.
WE TALKED ABOUT THE FILM THE
FILM SERIES FEATURING
DISABILITIES, PEOPLE WITH
DISABILITIES STARTING ON THE
1ST OF ON JANUARY FIFTEEN
TWENTY TWENTY FIVE AND WE WE
ALSO WERE TALKING ABOUT WE GAVE
UPDATES ON THINGS THAT CAME
THROUGH AT&T LIKE THE I HAD
BEEN TALKING MENTIONING TO AAA
TO THE PUTTING CONSISTENCY ON
THE BUS ANNOUNCEMENTS AND THE
FACT THAT EACH EACH BUS HAD TO
BE INDIVIDUALLY ADJUSTED SO
THAT AND WE DIDN'T REALLY TOUCH
ON ANY OF THE PARKING ISSUES
BECAUSE
NOBODY WE DIDN'T KNOW
EXACTLY WHAT'S GOING ON WITH
THE PARKING ISSUES.
>> BUT I BROUGHT UP A PROBLEM
THAT WAS OBSERVED AND WE LOOKED
AT IT AND COMMISSIONER ACON
BAUER ACTUALLY PULLED IT UP ON
GOOGLE AND I MAY WALK DOWN HERE
THERE'S A I'M THIRD STREET
RIGHT ACROSS FROM A LUTHERAN
CHURCH DOWN THERE.
THERE IS A COUPLE OF STAIRS ON
A SIDEWALK RIGHT ON THE
SIDEWALK THERE'S A RAIL AND
THERE'S A SIGN BUT FOR PEOPLE
LIKE ME WHO DON'T SEE THE SIGN
AND MAY NOT FIND THE RAIL, IT'S
IT COULD BE A HAZARD ESPECIALLY
WALKING DOWN THERE.
THERE WE GO IF YOU'RE NOT
LOOKING AT IT.
SO WE'RE GOING I'M GOING TO
TALK TO THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION AND SEE WHAT WE CAN
DO ABOUT THAT AND WE'LL LOOK
INTO STRAIGHTENING THAT UP,
MAYBE PUT SIGNS UP.
WE HAD A COUPLE OF IDEAS ABOUT
PUTTING SIGNS UP.
I WANT TO SEE THERE'S A
CROSSWALK OUT THERE MAYBE FOR
THE APPLES RIGHT THERE THAT
SAYS SOMETHING ABOUT STEPS.
>> I DON'T KNOW HOW TO SOLVE IT
BUT WE'LL LOOK WE'VE GOT PICS
AND THAT'S THAT'S WHAT WE
DISCUSSED.
IT TOOK US ABOUT OH HALF AN
HOUR.
BUT WE HAD AN INTERESTING,
INTERESTING DISCUSSIONS AND
THAT IS THE MEETING IF ANYBODY
WANTS TO FILL IN YOUR STATEMENT
I KNOW YOU KNOW ABOUT THE FILM
SERIES AND COMMISSIONER JACK
BAUER, YOU MIGHT WANT TO SAY
SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR THE
SIGNAGE YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT
.
YEAH, SURE.
I MEAN I COULD JUMP IN.
IS THAT RIGHT?
SEE, WHEN WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
THE OH, I'M SORRY.
>> DID YOU SAY IS IT ALL RIGHT
.
>> YEAH.
YEAH GO AHEAD SAM OK TOO.
>> I GUESS I CAN ADD ADDITIONAL
CONTEXT TO POINTS WHEN WE WERE
TALKING ABOUT THE STREET, THE
SIDEWALK WITH THE STEPS I DID
REACH OUT TO THE PERSON IN THE
ANN ARBOR GOVERNMENT WHO IS IN
CHARGE OF TRAFFIC SIGNS AND
PAVEMENT MARKINGS AND THEY'RE
GROUP JUST A COUPLE OF MINUTES
AGO REACHED BACK OUT TO ME AND
SAID THAT THERE ARE A COUPLE
OF BECAUSE WHAT I WAS INITIALLY
THINKING WAS WE COULD ASK THEM
ABOUT THE STEPS AHEAD SIGNS.
SO WHEN THERE ARE STEPS ON THE
SIDEWALK THEY'RE SOMEWHAT
REQUIRED TO HAVE LOOKED THE
STEPS AHEAD SIGNS AND I WAS
THINKING THERE MUST BE A LIST
SOMEWHERE OF OF ALL OF THE
PLACES WITHIN THE DOWNTOWN AREA
THAT HAVE THESE STEPS AHEAD
SIGNS AND WE COULD KIND OF SEE
IF THERE ARE A LOT OF THESE
SIDEWALKS STEP ISSUES WITHIN
THE DOWNTOWN AREA.
THEY REACH BACK OUT TO ME AND
SAID THAT THEY'RE ACTUALLY
WORKING TO REMOVE THESE STEPS
WHEREVER POSSIBLE.
>> SO THEY DO HAVE AND THEY
HAVE BEEN ACTIVELY DOING IT AND
THEY HAVE STEPS AHEAD SIGNS IN
JUST A COUPLE OF LOCATIONS
WHERE THEY REMAIN BUT THEY'RE
CURRENTLY IN THE PROCESS OF OF
FIXING OF MAKING THEM NO LONGER
STEPS.
SO THEY SAID THAT WE COULD
REACH OUT TO THEM AND MAYBE
COLLABORATE OR ENSURE THAT
THEY'RE ALL TAKEN CARE OF .
>> THOSE CONCERNS CAN BE
ADDRESSED.
SO THAT'S ONE THING THAT'S KIND
OF I HAVEN'T RESPONDED TO THE
EMAIL AND WE HAVEN'T DISCUSSED
IT ANY FURTHER AND THEN THE
OTHER THING THAT I WAS
DISCUSSING WAS ABOUT THE
THERE'S ONE OUTSIDE OF THE
MICHIGAN THEATER.
>> THERE'S A VACANT STOREFRONT
IN THE ANN ARBOR SYMPHONY
ORCHESTRA HAS THIS POP UP
STOREFRONT WITH INFORMATION
ABOUT THE INNER AND URBAN
SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA AND IT SAYS
LIKE HEY, THIS IS WHAT THE
ENTIRE SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA IS.
>> THEY HAVE PAMPHLETS, THEY
HAVE A QR CODE WHERE YOU CAN
GET MORE INFORMATION AND THEY
HAVE UPCOMING EVENTS AND THAT
KIND OF THING AND IT'S PART
OF SOMETHING CALLED STOREFRONT
CONNECTIONS WHICH IS LIKE AN
INITIATIVE THAT IS BEING
UNDERTAKEN IN THE ANN ARBOR
AREA WHERE BUSINESSES OR
NONPROFITS OR OTHER INTERESTS
CAN TAKE UP A VACANT STOREFRONT
AND DECORATE IT WITH MESSAGING
ABOUT THEIR BUSINESS OR
NONPROFIT OR WHAT HAVE YOU.
>> AND SO I WAS THINKING IT
MIGHT BE AN INTERESTING
UNDERTAKING FOR THE COMMISSION
TO SAY, YOU KNOW, HEY, YOU
KNOW, THIS COMMISSION IS
INTEGRAL PART OF THE ANN ARBOR
AREA IF YOU HAVE INFORMING THE
PUBLIC I SUPPOSE ABOUT
DISABILITY RESOURCES, MAYBE
COLLECTING INFORMATION LIKE
NONCOMMITTALLY, COLLECTING
INFORMATION FROM INDIVIDUALS,
YOU KNOW, LIKE OH IF YOU'VE
SEEN A SIDEWALK OR ANY OTHER
KIND OF DISABILITY CONCERN
WITHIN THE AREA, HERE'S A QR
CODE TO GOOGLE FORMER DIFFERENT
KINDS OF MODALITIES FOR GETTING
FEEDBACK.
BUT I THOUGHT IT MIGHT BE AN
INTERESTING WAY TO PRESENT
INFORMATION TO THE PUBLIC ABOUT
ANN ARBOR LOCAL IN STATE
DISABILITY RESOURCES.
>> AND SO THOSE ARE THE TWO
THINGS.
YEAH, WONDERFUL.
>> THANK YOU, SAM AND THANK YOU
FOR BRINGING BOTH OF THOSE TWO
TO THE COMMISSION'S ATTENTION.
I THINK WHAT YOU TALKED ABOUT
IN TERMS OF ACCESS TO STEPS IS
AN IMPORTANT PART AS WELL.
AND THANK YOU FOR REPORTING ON,
YOU KNOW, GETTING BACK TO YOU
AND THEN AS FAR AS STOREFRONT
CONNECTIONS CREATING AND
CREATING AWARENESS.
YEAH, YOU KNOW, I'D LOVE TO,
YOU KNOW, GET A CONSENSUS FROM
OUR FULL COMMISSION ON IF WE
WOULD LIKE TO PURSUE THAT KIND
OF FIGURE OUT TO THE POINT
OF CONTACT WOULD BE OR
STOREFRONT CONNECTIONS AND HOW
WE GO ABOUT THAT.
YOU KNOW, IF THERE'S A COST
ASSOCIATED WITH THAT, IF IT'S
FREE THE COMMUNITY KIND OF WHAT
WHAT SOME OF THE OTHER DETAILS
WOULD BE.
>> THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
UP NEXT, WE HAVE THE COMMUNITY
CATCHMENT SUBCOMMITTEE REPORT
WITH COMMISSIONER RACHEL
HAWKINS.
>> RACHEL, GOOD AFTERNOON.
GOOD AFTERNOON, ZACH.
WELL, I HOPE EVERYONE HAD A
LOVELY SUMMER.
I HAVE BEEN IN CONTACT WITH
MELISSA BONDIE WITH ANN ARBOR
INCLUSIVE.
SO WHILE WE WERE OUT OF OUT FOR
THE SUMMER THEY HAD DONE TWO
SEPARATE SHOWS.
THEIR JULY SHOW IS WITH THE
KIRK GIBSON FOUNDATION AND THEN
THEY ALSO DID AN AUGUST SHOW
WITH THE NO OBSTACLES BAND.
>> THEY'RE STILL CURRENTLY
WORKING OHEIR GUEST FOR
SEPTEMBE.
>> BOTH OF THOSE SHOWS ARE
UPLOADED TO YOUTUBE NOW.
SO IF ANYONE IS INTERESTED IN
LOOKING LOOKING AT THE SHOWS
YOU WOULD JUST SEARCH FOR ANN
ARBOR INCLUSIVE ON YOUTUBE AND
THEY WOULD POP RIGHT UP SO
THANK YOU.
>> WONDERFUL.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, RACHEL, FOR
ALL THE WORK THAT YOU'RE DOING
WITH COMMUNITY ENGAGE AND YOU
KNOW, I KNOW YOU AND I WILL BE
IN TOUCH BECAUSE I WANT TO
DEFINITELY CONTINUE THE
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT SUBCAMP
BRIDGE TO BE STRONG AS WE COME
BACK INTO THE FALL WITH OUR
CONDITIONING WITHIN OUR
INCLUSIVE AND IN BE ABLE TO
CONTINUE TO SUGGEST GUESTS FOR
THEM AND AND DIFFERENT THINGS
AS WELL AS THEY GO FORWARD.
SO YOU AND I WILL DEFINITELY BE
IN TOUCH ABOUT THAT IF THERE'S
ANY OTHER COMMISSIONERS WHO
ALSO WANT TO JOIN IN THAT
PROCESS AND COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT, I ENCOURAGE THAT
AND PLEASE LET MYSELF OR RACHEL
KNOW ABOUT THAT WE CAN LEUPEN
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE THE RECRUITING
ACTIVITY REPORT WITH LARRY
THERE.
>> WELL, OVER THE SUMMER WE'VE
HAD THREE APPLICANTS AND I
THINK I CAN'T REMEMBER I ALWAYS
KEEP FORGETTING HOW MANY
OPENINGS WE HAVE BUT I KNOW WE
HAVE AT LEAST ONE OR TWO
OPENINGS.
BUT WE DID INTERVIEW AN
APPLICANT AND WE MAY BE HEARING
FROM THEM NEXT MONTH.
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY SURE THAT
DEPENDS ON WHERE THE
APPLICATION GOES AND THE
MAYOR'S OFFICE AND ALL THAT.
BUT WE MAY BE HEARING FROM THEM
NEXT MONTH.
SO WE HAVE BEEN WE HAVE BEEN
WORKING OVER THE SUMMER.
THAT'S THAT'S ALL I GOT.
WE DO HAVE AN APPLICATION
APPROVED.
WE GOT TWO WAITING AND THAT'S
IT ON CONTINUING TO DO IT.
>> YEAH.
WONDERFUL.
THEN JUST TO CLARIFY TOO FOR
THE FULL COMMISSION, THE
APPLICATION THAT WE DO HAVE
APPROVED KENNEDY OR LARRY AM I
CORRECT IN THAT CANDIDATE WILL
THEN GIVE AN INTRODUCTION AT
THE OCTOBER MEETING SO THE
CANDIDATE WILL GET THAT
REDUCTION AT THE
OCTOBER MEETING THAT WE WILL BE
HAVING AND THE COMMISSION ONLY
HAS ONE CURRENT VACANCY.
>> OK, WELL THAT WOULD BE
CORRECT IF I DIDN'T I DIDN'T
MENTION IT FOR SURE BECAUSE FOR
SOME REASON THE MAYOR'S OFFICE
CITY COUNCIL ON THE MAYOR'S
OFFICE REJECTS IT THEN WE WON'T
GET IT BUT WE SHOULD.
SO ONCE THE COMMISSION WHEN SHE
DOES ONCE THEY DO THEIR
COMMISSION INTRODUCTION, THEN
THE COMMISSION WOULD THEN VOTE
AND TO SEND THE APPLICATION.
OH, THE MAYOR.
YEP.
SO THE COMMISSION WOULD NEED
WORKERS EXCUSE I MESSED UP ON
THAT BUT YOU'RE RIGHT.
NO PROBLEM, LARRY.
I APPRECIATE ALL THE WORK THAT
YOU'RE DOING IN RECRUITMENT AND
THANK YOU KENNEDY FOR THE
CLARIFICATION ON NEXT.
I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON.
>> LARRY, DON'T GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE WE NEED YOU FOR THE JOB
.
WE NEED YOU FOR THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE WHAT WE HAD THE FOLLOW
WAS
INTERESTING BECAUSE WE HAD
TWO MEETINGS THAT WE DIDN'T
HAVE A QUORUM AND WE ALMOST
DIDN'T GET ONE FOR THE MEETING
AND ON THE TWENTY FIRST
OF AUGUST BUT WE DID AND WE WE
WE'RE TALKING A LOT ABOUT
MOSTLY A LOT OF THE THE WAY
THAT THE DIFFERENT PROJECTS
WERE GOING OVER THE SUMMER
THERE WAS THE WATER PROJECT
STARTED AT POLLING IN SEVEN AND
IT GOES ALL THE WAY DOWN TO
FIFTH STREET ANN ARBOR.
SO ALL THESE ARE GOING TO BE
OUT OF SORT OF OUT COMMISSION
FOR A LITTLE BIT OR AT LEAST
SLOWED DOWN AND THEN THERE WAS
SOMETHING ABOUT THERE WERE
QUESTIONS ABOUT HAVING
PROTECTIVE BIKE LANES.
THEY'RE PUTTING OUT PROTECTIVE
BIKE LANES OUT AND PUTTING
BARRIERS SO THAT PEOPLE CAN
RIDE BICYCLES WITHOUT GETTING
WITHOUT STRAYING INTO THE LANES
AND GETTING HIT BY CARS OR CARS
BEING HIT BY BIKES.
AND THERE'S A LOT OF STUFF
GOING ON THERE AND THEY'RE
TALKING ABOUT RE PARKING THINGS
ON PAULENE TEMPORARILY OR
TAKING PARKING SPACES DOING
SOMETHING WHY THEY'RE DOING
THIS WATER MAIN STUFF AND WE
ARE OUR BYLAWS.
WE VOTED ON THEM AND WE HAD A
PRESENTATION ON SNOW REMOVAL
AND HOW THAT HELP IS AVAILABLE
TO THOSE WHO ARE UNABLE TO
CLEAR THEIR OWN SNOW.
AND THEN WE TALKED ABOUT MORE
EASY CHARGERS BEING PUT IN FOR
CARS MOSTLY IN THE PARKS AND
THEN WE TALKED ABOUT THEIR NEW
ICESCR THEM THAT THEY'RE COMING
UP WITH A LITTLE BIT AND IT'S
GOING TO BE CALLED AND I'M NOT
EXACTLY SURE WHAT IT'S GOING TO
BE DOING BUT THE SYSTEM IS
APPARENTLY SUPPOSED TO BE
TELLING YOU OR APC'S AND ALL
KINDS OF OTHER THINGS ARE ABOUT
AS FAR AS TRANSPORTATION IS
CONCERNED AND THAT'S IT.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I DO APPRECIATE ALL THE WORK
YOU'RE DOING WITH THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION AND
AS FAR AS THE AND I ALSO
THOUGHT THAT IT WAS GOING TO BE
SORT OF AN AUTOMATED RESPONSE
WITH THE WEBSITE AS WELL OR DO
I HAVE THAT MISTAKEN AND I I'M
NOT SURE I'LL LET YOU KNOW
BECAUSE THEY JUST INTRODUCED IT
SO I'LL LET YOU KNOW I'LL ASK
ABOUT IT THIS EVENING TOO.
I'M SURE IT WILL COME UP AGAIN
THIS EVENING AND THAT WOULD BE
UNDER THE ANALYSIS BUT THAT'S
NOT HERE YET.
BUT WE'RE HAVING ANOTHER ONE
OF THOSE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSIONS THIS EVENING AT
SEVEN.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
NEXT WE HAVE THE SUPREME
COUNCIL FOR DISABILITY CONCERNS
MEANING UPDATE FROM
COMMISSIONER MATTHEW CELMER
MATTHEW, GOOD AFTERNOON.
>> I SO THE COMMISSION ON
SEPTEMBER THE 10TH IT WAS A
VERY SHORT MEETINGS.
WE HAD VERY LITTLE AGENDA, NO
NEW BUSINESS AND THE MEETING
ADJOURNED.
IT'S REALLY NOT MUCH TO REPORT
.
THANK YOU.
I APPRECIATE YOU SITTING IN FOR
THE EUROPEAN COUNSEL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS.
I KNOW IT'S VERY THEY'RE DOING
GREAT WORK AT THE UNIVERSITY
AND HAVE A LOT OF ENGAGING
SUBJECT MATTER AND PRESENT
PRESENTERS.
SO THANK YOU FOR THAT.
NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE ON TO THE
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY REPORT
WITH TRACY BYRD IS TRACY AND
WITH THIS AFTERNOON KENNEDY
TRACY IS NOT HOWEVER LURA THEY
ARE HERE.
LAURA, DID YOU HAVE ANY UPDATE
?
HI LAURA.
GOOD AFTERNOON
.
>> OK, I GUESS NOT AND WE SEEM
TO BE HAVING SOME DIFFICULTY
THERE.
NO PROBLEM NEXT I WILL SKIP
OVER THAT AND WE CAN MOVE TO
THE CITY PERSONNEL REPORT WITH
KENNEDY.
EVERYBODY, WELCOME BACK.
I HOPE YOU ALL HAD A GREAT
SUMMER.
I CURRENTLY HAVE NO CITY
PERSONNEL UPDATE BUT AS ALWAYS
IF THERE'S ANYTHING I CAN DO TO
HELP ARTIST YOU, PLEASE LET ME
KNOW.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MOVING ON, WE'RE MOVING ON TO
THE CHAIR REPORT.
I DID WANT TO MENTION THERE ARE
A LOT OF GREAT EVENTS COMING UP
WITHIN THE DISABILITY COMMUNITY
AND SO I'LL BE SENDING OUT
OBVIOUSLY SOME INFORMATION
ABOUT THAT AND AND FIRST OF I
JUST WANT TO THANK THE
COMMISSION FOR PUTTING UP WITH
ALL THE UPDATES THAT I DO SEND
ALL OF YOU.
BUT I'M JUST DOING MY BEST TO
ALWAYS KEEP YOU INFORMED, READY
TO GO AND THERE'S SO MUCH
INFORMATION AND THERE'S SO MUCH
GOING ON IN THE DISABILITY
COMMUNITY, NOT JUST, YOU KNOW,
CITYWIDE AND STATEWIDE BUT
AROUND THE COUNTRY.
AND I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT THAT
ALL OF US ARE INFORMED WITH
THAT.
I'M GOING TO BE SENDING OUT A
NOTICE THERE'S GOING TO BE AN
INCLUSIVE PRODUCTION WORKPLACE
WORKSHOP FOR THOSE IN THE
DISABILITY SECTOR THAT ARE
INVOLVED WITH MEDIA.
AND SO THIS TAILORED FOR
PRODUCERS, PRODUCTION WORKERS,
H.R. PROFESSIONALS IN THIS
WORKSHOP WE'LL EQUIP THE
ATTENDEES WITH THE TOOLS AND
INSIGHTS NEEDED TO WORKPLACE
WHERE EVERYONE CAN THRIVE AND
SO VERY EXCITED ABOUT THAT.
THIS WORKSHOP IS PUT ON BY
DISABILITY BELONGS AND YEAH,
VERY EXCITED FOR THAT WORKSHOP
AS WELL.
ALSO I JUST DID WANT TO POINT
OUT ALSO THAT YOU KNOW, THERE
WERE SOME GREAT EVENTS THAT
HAPPENED RECENTLY.
I KNOW THAT COUNCIL MEMBER
EDWYN HAD GIVEN US SOME SOME
SUPPORT AND WANTED US TO
SUPPORT HER IN TERMS OF COUNCIL
PASSING A RESOLUTION FOR THE
RIGHT TO SIT.
BUT I WILL NOT STILL COUNCIL
MEMBERS THUNDER ON THAT.
I WILL HAVE THEM TALK ABOUT
THAT FURTHER.
BUT SO THERE'S THERE'S THAT
WHICH I DEFINITELY HOPE WE CAN
CONTINUE TO SUPPORT.
AND THEN THERE'S ALSO YOU KNOW,
I JUST WANT TO ENCOURAGE THE
COMMISSION FULLY AS A AS A
CHAIRMAN THAT YOU KNOW, WE HAVE
AN OPPORTUNITY TO SUPPORT A
DISABILITY PROCLAMATION AS WELL
AND UNFORTUNATELY JUST DUE TO
TIMING AND DUE TO THE FACT
THAT, YOU KNOW, THIS REVIEW
OF THAT PARTICULAR
PROCLAMATION, ALTHOUGH NOT ALL
DIFFERENT FROM PAST
PROCLAMATIONS, WE JUST WERE NOT
ABLE TO CONVENE TO ACTUALLY
REVIEW AND VOTE AND APPROVE
THAT DISABILITY VOTING
PROCLAMATION FOR THE CITY.
BUT I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO
ENCOURAGE ALL OF US TO GO OUT
OF OUR COMFORT ZONE AT TIMES
AND TO BE ABLE TO BE A PART
OF THESE GREAT OPPORTUNITIES SO
THAT WE CAN BE A PART OF THESE
GREAT INITIATIVES GOING ON IN
OUR CITY, IN OUR STATE.
IT SEEMS WE HAVE A COMMENT.
SOLOMON.
YEAH, I JUST WANTED TO OFFER A
SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT FRAMING
OF THAT LITTLE EPISODE WHICH
UNFORTUNATELY IS BECOMING
PRETTY COMMON WHERE WE'RE
BROUGHT IN A VERY LATE DATE FOR
OUR CONSULTATION.
BUT I DO FEEL IT'S IMPORTANT WE
WE CAN'T RUSH AROUND AND TRY
AND SCHEDULE AN EMERGENCY
MEETING BECAUSE THE POWERS THAT
BE HAVE FAILED TO PREPARE IN
DUE TIME.
SO I REALLY WANT TO REGISTER
KIND OF OBJECTION TO THIS
FRAMING THAT SOMEHOW WE NEED TO
WORK HARDER OR ON AN EMERGENCY
BASIS WHEN IN FACT WITH THE
RIGHT TIMING THIS COULD HAVE
EASILY COME BEFORE THE
COMMISSION IN DUE TIME SO THAT
THAT'S JUST MY TAKE ON.
REMEMBER GHAZALEH I APPRECIATE
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON SAYING
THAT, YOU KNOW, JUST FOR MY
PART THAT WE'RE TRANSPARENT
THERE ARE USUALLY SOME OF THESE
PROCLAMATIONS OR FOR EXAMPLE
THE RIGHT SAID ORDINANCE CHANGE
WE'LL HAVE TO GO THROUGH LEGAL
AND AT THE DUE TO THE REVIEW
PROCESS THERE ARE TIMES WHEN
THEY CAN'T BE BROUGHT HERE.
YOU KNOW WHAT AN IDEAL TIME
THAT WE WOULD POTENTIALLY LIKE
AND IF YOU FEEL LIKE IT, YOU'RE
UNABLE TO ENDORSE IT.
THAT'S TOTALLY OK.
USUALLY MY INTENTION IS THAT
YOU GUYS ARE ABLE TO SEE IT IF
YOU WANT TO SUPPORT IT YOU CAN
.
>> BUT I AGREE.
YOU KNOW, HAVING EMERGENCY
RUSHED LAST MINUTE MEETINGS IS
NOT SOMETHING THAT I HOPE THAT
WE DO OR NOR NOR DO I INTEND
THAT WE CONTINUE DOING THAT
BECAUSE I WANT YOU GUYS TO BE
ABLE TO FULLY EVALUATE AND SEE
WHAT I BRING TO COUNCIL.
SO I JUST WANT TO CLARIFY
MISSION OF SOLOMON.
YEAH, I VERY MUCH APPRECIATE
THOSE WORDS, COMMISSIONER
COUNCIL MEMBER, IS THERE ANY
WAY THAT WE COULD SOMEHOW BE
INVOLVED IN AN EARLIER BASIS?
I THINK THAT'S A PATTERN THAT I
WOULD LOVE TO SEE BECOME MORE
THE NORM THAT WE WERE INVOLVED
EARLIER IN ALL OF THESE
PROCESSES RATHER THAN AGAIN THE
FEELING ON THIS COMMISSION
MAYBE IT'S JUST ME BUT IT FEELS
LIKE ALWAYS THE LAST MINUTE,
ALWAYS THE LAST TO KNOW AND IT
JUST DOESN'T FEEL LIKE WE'RE
REALLY TRULY PART OF THE
PROCESS OR TRULY INCLUDED.
>> THANKS FOR SHARING THAT.
YEAH, I'M SORRY THAT YOU HAVE
FELT THAT WAY AND ALSO IF
OTHERS HAVE FELT THAT WAY TOO
THAT IS DEFINITELY NOT MY
INTENT
.
SO WHAT I TYPICALLY DO LIKE FOR
EXAMPLE FOR THE RIGHT TO SET
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT I'VE BEEN
BRINGING UP EVERY MEETING FOR I
THINK OVER ALMOST A YEAR NOW
AND WHAT I'LL DO IS DUE TO
O'MAY I CANNOT EMAIL OUT ALL
OF YOU WITH IT SO THAT I WILL
EMAIL WALZAK OR THAT OFTEN ALEX
AND ASK IF THEY WANT TO PROVIDE
SOME INPUT AND THAT'S NOT AT
ALL TO PLACE BLAME ON ANYONE OR
ANYTHING.
I THINK FROM THERE MAYBE WE
NEED TO DISCUSS THE PROCESS AND
MAYBE KENNEDY YOU CAN HELP
ADVISE ON WHAT CAN WE DO THEN
TO SHARE IN A SETTING THAT I
DON'T KNOW WHAT CAN BE DONE ON
EMAIL NECESSARILY.
I THINK THE BEST OPTION WOULD
BE WHEN IT NEEDS TO BE SHARED
OR DISCUSSED WITHIN THE
COMMISSION IS WE CAN SET UP A
MEETING TO WHERE WE COULD HAVE
IT TO WHERE COMMISSIONERS COME
AND WE CAN ALL MEET TO DISCUSS
IT IF WE DO MEET IT WOULD HAVE
TO BE SET AS A SPECIAL MEETING
AND THERE WOULD NEED TO BE A
QUORUM AND THE QUORUM IS FIVE.
>> OK, SO I SAW YOUR HAND.
DID YOU DID YOU HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS?
>> I WAS JUST I KNOW FROM
ANOTHER COMMISSION THAT
SOMETHING THAT WE USE A
SUBCOMMITTEE TO DO THAT OR TO
DO TO HAVE DISCUSSIONS WHERE
THERE'S VOTING REQUIRED SO
THERE ISN'T THAT SAME AT LEAST
IN OUR BYLAWS THAT THEY NEED
FOR A QUORUM, ESPECIALLY SINCE
IT'S A SUBCOMMITTEE KIND
OF LIKE PARTNERS AND ACCESS IS
A SUBCOMMITTEE OR A COMMITTEE
AND THAT AND YOU DO SET UP A
SPECIAL MEETING FOR THAT.
BUT THAT MAY BE ONE WAY TO TO
DO IT BECAUSE THE DISCUSSION I
AGREE WITH THERE IS THE
COMMISSION WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A
SUBCOMMITTEE TO ADDRESS THESE
THINGS THAT THAT CAN ALSO BE
DONE IN KENNEDY.
IF I WERE TO IT, WOULD IT BE OK
THEN SELECT FOR EXAMPLE I SENT
RIGHT TO SET OR THE
PROCLAMATION TO ZAC AND ALEX A
WHILE AGO AND IS IT OK THEN TO
ALSO INCLUDE MEMBERS OF THE
SUBCOMMITTEE AS LONG AS IT
DOESN'T MAKE A QUORUM RIGHT.
>> THAT'S NOT AGAINST O'MAY
VIOLATION OF REGS I BELIEVE IF
IT'S IN A DRAFT FORM YES.
BECAUSE THEN WHEN THERE IS THE
MEETING THAT COULD BE DISCUSSED
BUT IT CANNOT ALREADY BE
FINALIZED AND THINGS LIKE THAT
I THINK THAT IS A GOOD WORKING
PROCESS FOR US IF THAT'S OK
WITH YOU GUYS, THIS IS OK.
I HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THAT.
I MEAN I AGREE WITH THAT
PROCESS.
YOU KNOW, I WOULD SAY NUMBER
ONE, WHAT WOULD WE CALL THIS
SUB COMMITTEE NUMBER TWO, YOU
KNOW WHO WHO WOULD WANT TO BE A
PART OF THAT?
I'M HAPPY TO BE A PART OF THAT
SUBCOMMITTEE AND I'M HAPPY TO
ASSIST.
I WOULD JUST WANT TO KNOW WHAT
OTHER COMMISSIONERS WOULD WANT
TO BE A PART OF THAT COMMITTEE.
WHEN WOULD WE WANT TO MEET KIND
OF SET THE CALENDAR AND GO FROM
THERE TO THEM WITHOUT HAVING SO
FOR THE ONE THING THAT MIGHT BE
DIFFICULT IS THAT IT WOULD
POTENTIALLY CONFLICT WITH OTHER
COMMISSION MEETINGS I HAVE
TRYING TO LOWER MY HAND SORRY
IS IT POSSIBLE TO MEET AS
NEEDED AND IS IT REQUIRE THAT
WE MEET ALWAYS OR CAN WE
BECAUSE IT'S CALLED CAN WE WORK
ON SOME OF THIS ONLINE TOGETHER
LIKE ME EMAILING AND SAYING SO
IT WOULD BE LIKE THE PARTNERS
AND ACCESS SUBCOMMITTEE THEY
ARE SCHEDULED TO MEET ON A
DESIGNATED DAY AT A DESIGNATED
TIME ONCE A MONTH AND THAT'S
WHERE THEY DO THE WORK RIGHT
POLICIES HAWKINS' I JUST WANTED
TO CLARIFY IN TERMS OF KIND
OF THE SCOPE OF WHAT THIS
ADDITIONAL SUBCOMMITTEE WOULD
BE IF IT WAS LIKE TO KIND
OF HANDLE THESE MORE URGENT
REQUESTS WAS SPECIFICALLY
LOOKING AT THAT DISABILITY
PROCLAMATION JUST BECAUSE I
KNOW THAT WE DO HAVE AS MATTHEW
BROUGHT UP, THERE'S A LOT THAT
GOES ON IN BETWEEN MEETINGS.
SO I JUST WANT TO CLARIFY KIND
OF WHAT THE PURPOSE OF THE
SUBCOMMITTEE WOULD BE.
WOULD IT BE MORE BROAD IN TERMS
OF HANDLING THINGS THAT KIND
OF COME UP, YOU KNOW, MORE I
GUESS IT'S NOT URGENT BUT WE'RE
WE'RE NOT WE MAY NOT KNOW ABOUT
IT UNTIL CLOSER TO THE DATE AND
THEN WE COULD KIND OF SCHEDULE
MEETINGS AS NEEDED OR I THINK
THERE'S MANY WAYS WE COULD DO
IT.
>> I'VE JUST KIND OF CURIOUS
KIND OF WHAT WHAT THE INTENTION
WAS FOR GAMING ET SURE.
THANK YOU COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
FOR THE QUESTIONS.
YOU KNOW, I GUESS I CAN ANSWER
THAT.
SO BASICALLY, YOU KNOW, I THINK
FORMING THIS SUBCOMMITTEE, YOU
KNOW, IS GOING TO BE PARAMOUNT
GOING FORWARD SO THAT THE WORK
CAN BE DISCUSSED AND NOT ONLY
THAT BUT OUR COUNCIL LIAISON
HAS SOMEWHERE TO SEND THIS
INFORMATION AS SOON AS THEY
HAVE IT AND SEND IT IN ADVANCE
BASICALLY IT'S A MATTER
OF SETTING THE TIME WHEN WE'RE
GOING TO MEET.
BUT THEN ALSO I WANT TO
ENCOURAGE THE COMMISSIONERS WHO
ARE INTERESTED TO TO MYSELF AND
KENNEDY KNOW SO THAT WE CAN
BEGIN TO FORM THE ROSTER
OF THAT SUBCOMMITTEE AND AND
AND MEET AND THEN FORM OUR
DUTIES AND HOW WE'RE GOING TO
GO FORWARD.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT WE WANT TO
CALL THE SUBCOMMITTEE AS OF YET
.
BUT YOU KNOW, WE DON'T HAVE TO
FINALIZE THE SUBCOMMITTEE TODAY
BUT WE DO NEED TO KIND OF FORM
THE DETAILS OF THAT AS SOON AS
POSSIBLE.
>> THAT MAKES SENSE.
I WOULD BE INTERESTED AND WOULD
DEFINITELY LIKE TO PARTICIPATE
IN WHATEVER DISCUSSION HAPPENS
THAT KIND OF WHAT THE SCOPE
WILL BE AND WHAT THE MEETING
SCHEDULE WILL BE.
>> THERE IS A COMMISSIONER
INTERESTED IN SERVING ON THE
NEWEST SUBCOMMITTEE.
COULD YOU ALL PLEASE SEND ME AN
EMAIL AND ALSO INCLUDE AN
ATTACK ON THAT EMAIL SO I CAN
START A LIST?
>> COMMISSIONER SOLOMON?
TWO THINGS.
FIRST OF ALL, I WANT TO JUST BE
CLEAR THAT THIS IDEA OF AN
AFTERTHOUGHT LONG, LONG
PREDATES COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI
EDWIN LONG PREDATES.
SO THAT WAS IN NO WAY A
REFLECTION ON YOUR INVOLVEMENT
IN THIS COMMISSION WHICH I
THINK HAS BEEN VERY VIGOROUS,
CONSISTENT, INCLUSIVE ETC.
THERE WAS IN MY PERCEPTION A
PATTERN AND I'M HOPING THAT IT
DOESN'T CONTINUE.
I THINK THAT THE PART THAT I
DON'T UNDERSTAND I'VE NEVER
ACTUALLY BEEN A PART OF CITY
COUNCIL IS WHY IS A SPECIAL
MEETING OR SPECIAL COMMISSION
NEEDED RIGHT R OUR COMMISSION
DECIDES IT'S SCHEDULED WELL IN
ADVANCE MONTHS ALMOST A YEAR IN
ADVANCE.
I ASSUME CITY COUNCIL HAS THE
SAME TYPE OF SCHEDULE AND WE
WORK WITHIN THAT.
SO THE PART THAT I DON'T
UNDERSTAND THIS IS PERHAPS MY
IGNORANCE LIKE WHY DO WE HAVE
TO HAVE SPECIAL COMMISSION
MEETING SPECIAL COMMITTEE?
CAN'T WE JUST WORK WITHIN THE
STRUCTURE THAT ALREADY EXIST
AND JUST HAVE MORE TIME TO HAVE
THREE MONTHS TO DO THINGS MORE
IN ADVANCE AND LESS LAST MINUTE
LIKE THAT'S THAT'S MY QUESTION
.
THIRD DAMON AND THEN WE'LL GO
TO VICE JERKILY.
YEAH.
THANK YOU AND I'LL BE BRIEF I
MEAN MATTHEW GREAT QUESTION.
YOU KNOW THERE'S I AND COUNCIL
MEMBER PLEASE INTERJECT TWO IF
YOU IF YOU HAVE ANY INSIGHT BUT
YOU KNOW TO MY KNOWLEDGE
THERE'S THERE'S A LOT
OF TIMELINES THAT ARE OUT
OF OUR CONTROL RIGHT.
>> IN TERMS OF WHAT'S GOING
ACROSS THE CITY COUNCIL'S
WHAT'S GOING ACROSS LEGAL AND
THEIR TIMELINE, THEIR TIMELINE
IS DIFFERENT THAN OURS.
THEIR TIMELINE IS DIFFERENT
THAN OUR SCHEDULE AND OUR
MEETING CALENDAR.
SO BASICALLY GRADING A
SUBCOMMITTEE IS IS GIVING US AN
OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE THINGS TO
LAND VERSUS US HAVING TO BE
GLUED IN TO THE LAST MINUTE
MINUTE YOU KNOW, IF OUR COUNCIL
LIAISON COMES ACROSS SOMETHING
AND THERE IS ENOUGH TIME FOR US
TO DISCUSS IT AND GET IT TO THE
SUBCOMMITTEE, THEN HOPEFULLY WE
CAN DO THAT.
BUT ALSO, YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST
ONE OF THOSE THINGS WHERE WE'RE
TRYING TO REFINE THE PROCESS.
I DON'T SPECIFICALLY KNOW THE
ANSWER TO WHAT YOU'RE ASKING.
WHY CAN'T WE JUST DO IT FULLY
AS A COMMISSION?
WELL, BECAUSE WE'VE TRIED TO DO
THAT IN THE PAST.
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON, YOU KNOW,
AS YOU'VE SEEN, THERE'S A LOT
OF THINGS THAT HAPPEN AT THE
LAST MINUTE.
>> SO THANK YOU BY SHAKILA.
WELL, THE AND CONCERNING THE
SUBCOMMITTEE, I THINK THAT
WHATEVER THE SUBCOMMITTEE,
WHOEVER WHICHEVER OF THE
COMMISSIONERS GET OUT OF THE
SUBCOMMITTEE, I THINK THE WE
OUGHT TO HAVE COUNCIL LIAISON
ON THE SUBCOMMITTEE AND I THINK
WE OUGHT TO HAVE IF WE CAN THE
A.D.A COORDINATOR ON THE ON THE
COMMITTEE WELL WHEN THEY CAN
BECAUSE THESE OF COURSE BECAUSE
A CITY LIAISON IS DIRECT
CONNECTION TO THE CITY COUNCIL
,SHE WOULD KNOW WHAT'S GOING
ON SO THAT WE CAN DELIBERATE
WHAT'S GOING ON ON THE
SUBCOMMITTEE, BRING IT BACK TO
THE COMMISSION SO AND WHEN WE
PLAN FOR WHEN WE PLAN FOR A
SUBCOMMITTEE MEETING THAT WE
KEEP IN MIND AT LEAST OUR
LIAISON TIME TO AND TRY TO
SCHEDULE IT WHEN SHE CAN DO IT
VICE CHAIRMAN YOU KNOW IT'S HIS
YEAR, DAMON.
I MEAN I JUST WANT TO POINT OUT
INCLOSE IN MY COMMENTS THAT I'M
OPEN TO THE COMMISSION, YOU
KNOW, TO HOW THE COMMISSION
WOULD LIKE TO ADDRESS CERTAIN
CITY COUNCIL REQUESTS OR IDEAS
AND HOW, YOU KNOW, KODAI CAN BE
INVOLVED AS A UNIFIED VOICE AND
A UNIFIED BODY.
BUT HOW THAT IS TO HAPPEN IS IS
KIND OF TO BE DETERMINED.
THIS IS THE PROPOSAL OUR WELL I
THINK AT THIS POINT I'M GOING
TO MOVE ON BECAUSE WE HAVE SOME
OTHER AGENDA ITEMS HERE.
BUT PLEASE, IF YOU'RE
INTERESTED IN JOINING THIS NEW
NEW SUBCOMMITTEE, PLEASE LET
KENNEDY AND MYSELF KNOW AND WE
CAN GO FORWARD WITH THE
PLANNING.
BUT WITH THAT I WOULD LIKE TO
MOVE ON TO THE CITY COUNCIL
UPDATE WHERE THE COUNCIL MEMBER
EDWIN I THANK YOU.
>> SO YOU KEEP ME UPDATED.
HOPEFULLY WE CAN FIND SOMETHING
THAT WORKS FOR MOST OF US BUT I
DO THINK IT WOULD BE HELPFUL.
BUT ANYHOW OK, SO WRITE THE SET
IS IN ORDER.
REMEMBER WE'VE BEEN TALKING
ABOUT IT FOR A WHILE AND IT'S
ESSENTIALLY PUTTING THE RIGHT
TO SET PROTECTED OUR CITY'S
NONDESCRIPT NONDISCRIMINATION
ORDINANCE WHICH IS CALLED
CHAPTER ONE TWELVE AND IT WOULD
PROTECT INDIVIDUALS RIGHT TO
SIT AT WORK WHICH IS KIND
OF SHOCKING THAT IT'S NOT
PROTECTED ALREADY WHETHER OR
NOT YOU HAVE A DISABILITY,
SOMETHING THAT USED TO BE MORE
WIDELY PROTECTED BUT AT LOSS
FEDERAL PROTECTION A LONG TIME
AGO NOW CITY BY CITY AND STATE
BY STATE SOLELY THEY'VE BEEN
DIFFERENT PLACES HAVE BEEN
ENACTING IT THAT'S PROTECTED
THROUGHOUT THE STATE
OF CALIFORNIA.
>> IT'S SOMETHING THAT ALMOST
ALL OF EUROPE PROTECTS AND I
BROUGHT IT TO THE CITY COUNCIL
MEETING ON MONDAY THOSE MONDAY
I'M SORRY I'M KIND OF IN A
BRAIN FOG AND THERE WAS SOME
QUESTION ABOUT THE BUSINESS
COMMUNITY HAVE POTENTIALLY
QUESTIONS ABOUT THIS AND HOW IT
MAY IMPACT THEM SO I'VE DECIDED
TO POSTPONE IT AND TRY TO HAVE
SOME CONVERSATIONS BOTH WITH
LABOR AND WITH THE BUSINESS
COMMUNITY AND WITH THE YUGA
ABOUT WHAT ARE THE IMPACTS AND
HOPEFULLY DURING THIS TIME ALSO
GET YOUR GUYS SUPPORT.
BUT ONE THING YOU SHOULD KNOW
IS THAT THE LANGUAGE SO THE
ORDINANCE IS ACTUALLY WHAT
CHANGES THE LAW AND THE
ORDINANCE LANGUAGE THAT THE
CITY ATTORNEYS DRAFTED UP THAT
WE CANNOT CHANGE AT THIS POINT
BECAUSE IT'S GONE.
WE GOT A LEGAL OPINION FROM THE
STATE ABOUT WHETHER WE COULD DO
THIS OR WE WOULD GET OR WHETHER
WE COULD GET SUED AND THEN WE
HAD TO HAVE A LEGAL OPINION
FROM MICHIGAN OSHA THAT HELPED
US CRAFT THIS PARAGRAPH.
I CAN SHARE THAT WITH YOU GUYS
AND THEN FROM THAT I MADE A
RESOLUTION WHICH IS JUST THIS
RESOLUTION.
USUALLY RESOLUTIONS CAN EITHER
BE ABOUT MOVING AROUND
RESOURCES.
>> THIS IS JUST REALLY
EXPRESSING THE VALUES OF WHY
RIGHT TO WORK IS IMPORTANT AND
I CAN SHARE THAT WITH YOU GUYS
AND I'M HOPING THAT I CAN GET
THE DISABILITY COMMISSION
ENDORSEMENT ON THIS SINCE YOU
KNOW THAT IF YOU HAVE A
DISABILITY THIS IS THE RIGHT TO
SAY IS PROTECTED UNDER THE ADA
BUT SO MANY PEOPLE DON'T
QUALIFY FOR A QUOTE UNQUOTE
LEGAL DISABILITY AS YOU MIGHT
HAVE A BAD BACK OR BAD KNEES.
BUT ALL DAY YOU'RE STANDING IN
A DRIVE THRU OR ALL DAY YOU'RE
WORKING A REGISTER AS A CASHIER
AND WE ACTUALLY HAD A PRETTY
MOVING STORY OF SOMEONE WHO
CAME AND SAID GIVEN THE RIGHT
THEY THEY COULDN'T AFFORD
HEALTH INSURANCE AT THE TIME
AND HAVING THE RIGHT TO SIT
WHILE THEY CUT HAIR, SAVE THEIR
JOB.
>> LET ME STOP AND TALKING A
LOT WHAT DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS ABOUT ANY OF THAT?
I JUST WANT TO FOR YOU KNOW OK,
GO AHEAD, COMMISSIONER.
SOME NO, I JUST WOULD LOVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO HEAR MORE ABOUT
THIS MORE OF THE RESPONSE THAT
YOU GOT FROM COMMUNITY MEMBERS
.
IT SOUNDS LIKE A VERY IMPORTANT
ISSUE AND ONE THAT I WOULD JUST
LIKE TO UNDERSTAND AND ITS
GREATER COMPLEXITY AND
VISIBILITY CAN BE PART OF THAT
DISCUSSION.
SO IS THERE A WAY WE COULD HEAR
MORE AT A LATER DATE WHEN
EVERYBODY HAS MORE TIME AND IT
COMMENT FROM GENERAL?
SURE.
THAT'S SOMETHING THAT I COULD
DO HOPING THAT WE CAN GET IT
BEFORE IT.
SO THIS IS COMING BACK TO CITY
COUNCIL OCTOBER 7TH AND AS YOU
KNOW TODAY THAT'S THAT'S A LOT
OF THESE ARE INFLUENCED BY
DIFFERENT FACTORS, DIFFERENT
POLICIES COMING IN AT DIFFERENT
TIMES AND WHAT WE'RE ADVISED SO
THERE'S ROOM ON THE AGENDA.
THERE'S NOT ROOM ON THE AGENDA.
SO WE RIGHT NOW I'M HOPING FOR
OCTOBER SEVEN BUT THAT ALSO
MEANS IF THERE ARE ANY CHANGES
TO THE RESOLUTION THAT IT WOULD
HAVE TO BE SENT THE ONE DAY
PRIOR.
SO THAT WOULD BE ONE STAY THE
SECOND.
BUT I'M HOPING THAT THERE'S NOT
GOING TO BE A LOT ABOUT IT.
I MEAN THE RESOLUTION IS REALLY
JUST THAT THIS IS A HUMAN
RIGHT.
THIS THE LABORITE GENERAL THE
CONCERNS FROM THE BUSINESS
COMMUNITY WERE BROUGHT TO ME
THROUGH A DIFFERENT COUNCIL
MEMBER AND I THINK THERE WAS
CONCERNS WITH THE ORIGINAL TEXT
THAT MUST ALLOW SEATS FOR ALL
EMPLOYEES AND THAT'S DIFFICULT
IN IMPLEMENTATION TO CALCULATE
RIGHT.
AND THAT THAT TEXT WAS REMOVED
AND SAID IT MUST ALLOW THEM
MUST PERMIT TO SEAT THE
PERMITTING THEM AS OPPOSED TO A
MUST PERMIT THEM AND PROVIDE
THEM WITH SEATING AND WE ASSUME
THAT IF YOU'RE GOING TO PERMIT
SOMEONE TO SEE THAT THERE'S
GOING TO BE A SEAT SOMEWHERE OR
PERMIT SOMEONE TO SET I WOULD
LIKE TO SHARE KENNEDY THE
RESOLUTION AND THEN ITS TAX AND
EVEN THE MEMO THAT SENT FOR THE
CITY ATTORNEY TO ALL COUNSEL
CAN I DO THAT VIA EMAIL AND IF
I CAN'T, CAN I SEND IT TO YOU
WHEN YOU DO IT?
I MEAN IT'S STILL IN DRAFT
FORM.
YOU CAN AND WHAT I'LL DO IS I
CAN JUST EMAIL IT EMAIL
EVERYBODY FROM TODAY'S EMAIL
THAT I SENT OUT THIS WEEK AND
THEN JUST SAY THAT THIS IS A
DRAFT OF THE ORDINANCE THAT'S
IN THE WORK.
OK, SO THIS IS ACTUALLY THAT OK
SO THIS I MEAN THIS HAS BEEN
PUBLISHED AND IT IS AND IS
ESSENTIALLY FINAL BUT I GUESS
WE CAN WE CAN SAY THAT IT'S IN
DRAFT FORM IN CASE OF LET'S SAY
SOMEONE WANTS TO LIKE ADD A
WORD TO IT IS JUST TO CLARIFY
WILL THERE STILL BE EDITS AND
CHANGES TO THE WORDING IN THE
LANGUAGE IN IT OR IS THE
LANGUAGE FINALIZED?
WE COULD AS A COMMITTEE IF YOU
GUYS WANT TO ADD AND ADD IT TO
RESOLUTION, THAT'S TOTALLY
FINE.
SO LET'S SAY NOW IT'S IN DRAFT
FORM AND LET ME FIND THE
COMMUNICATION FROM MARGAY.
I WOULD JUST DOUBLE CHECK WITH
THEM BUT I SHOULD I CAN
DISTRIBUTE IT TO THE ENTIRE
COMMISSION SO YOU JUST ARE OK.
COMMISSIONER RIKLIS?
I THINK THAT AT THIS POINT
BECAUSE YOU HAVE A FIRST
READING OF THE ORDINANCE ON
MONDAY RIGHT?
>> WE DID BUT THERE WAS A
MOVEMENT TO POSTPONE IT SO BUT
IT WAS STILL ON THAT SHOW.
YES, IT WAS THE FIRST READING
EVEN THOUGH IT WAS POSTPONED
AND IT WAS ATTACHED TO THE
COUNCIL AGENDA.
SO IT'S ALREADY PUBLIC
INFORMATION.
SO JUST TO BE ABLE TO SEE THAT
COPY THAT'S ALREADY BEEN
ATTACHED TO TO THE COUNCIL
AGENDA, I DON'T THINK THAT
THERE'D BE A PROBLEM.
>> YOU ARE RIGHT.
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
WHAT I'LL DO IS I'LL GO AND
LEGISLATURE AND I'LL GO TO THE
AGENDA AND GET THE COPY OFF
OF THE AGENDA AND I'LL SEND IT
TO YOU.
>> THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
KENNEDY ALL RIGHT.
COUNCIL MEMBER, WAS THAT YOUR
YOUR FULL REPORT?
>> YEP.
THAT'S THAT'S IT FOR RIGHT NOW.
I MEAN THAT'S IT FOR RIGHT NOW
PRIMARILY.
>> YEAH OK THANK YOU ALL RIGHT
NEXT DO WE HAVE ANY OLD
BUSINESS OK?
WE HAVE NO OLD BUSINESS ON THE
AGENDA.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
ANY NEW BUSINESS TO BE BROUGHT
UP TO THE COMMISSION OF JUST OH
EXCUSE I DIDN'T GET UP TO RAISE
MY HAND.
I'VE JUST I THINK THE THIRD
STREET THING IS GOING TO BE NEW
BUSINESS SOON BUT I THINK WHEN
WE GET SOME CALLERS IF WE CAN
DO ANYTHING OR ARE NOT, THAT
WILL BE A FUTURE AGENDA ITEM
FOR NEXT MONTH MAYBE.
OK, WE CAN DEFINITELY HAVE THAT
ON FOR FOR OCTOBER IF YOU HAVE
ANY OTHER ADDITIONAL DETAILS ON
THIRD STREET WHEN YOU MEET WITH
THE TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION,
PLEASE LET KENNEDY AND I KNOW
I'LL DO THAT.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
ANY OTHER NEW BUSINESS ANY
COMMUNICATIONS AGAIN?
>> IT'S ME.
I'LL JUST SAY THAT THERE'S A
TRANSPORTATION MEETING TONIGHT
AT SEVEN AND I'M SURE THAT
UNLESS SOMETHING IMMEDIATELY
DEALING WITH THE COMMISSION I
WILL REPORT ON THAT NEXT MONTH
IF THERE'S ANYTHING THAT THAT
WE NEED TO LOOK AND DO SOONER
THAN THAT, I WILL LET YOU GUYS
KNOW.
ALL RIGHTY.
THANK YOU
.
OK, WITH THAT IT IS FIVE 05.
I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE A MOTION
TO ADJOURN.
I WILL MOVE TO ADJOURN.
OK, I'M SORRY WE SECONDED
LISTENING TO THANK YOU
COMMISSIONER CLIFF SECONDED ALL
IN FAVOR OF ADJOURNING AT 5:00
PM PLEASE.
>> YOU DIDN'T SAY I I I I THANK
YOU EVERYONE.
THIS MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
I THINK WE MADE SOME GREAT
PROGRESS.
I APPRECIATE ALL OF YOU AND
YOUR SACRIFICE COMMITMENT TO
MAKING OUR CITY AND OUR
COMMUNITY MORE INCLUSIVE, MORE
ACCESSIBLE FOR ALL.
WE WILL TALK TO YOU NEXT MONTH.
THANK THANK YOU.
BYE BYE.